okay Davis stick you're going to show us
a few warm-up drills here that the
parents can show their teach their kids
ball handling
every time you touch back and forth
varies on this outside side outside
Maddie moved to your up get hurt
what does that one called it's just
basic ball
next
okay that's good
other side warning take me all right so
show us the the basic turn around the
basic the basic try out for the kids
just not the cut just do it just pull
behind your turn around it's just easy
so my dad turn with the ball okay so
stop and bring it back good to come do
it again alright so yours pulling it
behind you and then chasing up to it
okay good now show us some of the now
let's say you want to run with the ball
a little bit how would you run with the
ball stop it
like that
to get it and stride you need to have a
little bit of a jump so
big jump
touch it while you're in the air so
demonstrate just to do it just once just
run right run right by us here we'll
just watch again hey I show it and when
you get to the end do a reverse it's
easier when you do it faster but just
well go
I'll jump in there
nice reverse if you don't want to go
completely back before cut catch same
time I see same foot catch I see 90
degrees 90 degrees or the full way
that's good yeah that's good all right
that's a quick little example of some
drills that your parents can show your
kids as we get ready for the next season
Thank You Davis